Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
♫ Oh, you have shoulders broad enough ♫
♫ To bear the weight of your words ♫
♫ Of never changing yourself, woo~ ♫
♫  When your strong faith ♫
♫ Silences fate ♫
♫ Romance will become your privilege ♫
♫ Dancing with ecstasy and grief will be like a grand banquet ♫
♫ And taking blazes as fireworks will be a classic never to regret ♫
♫ Love without sadness is devoted love ♫
♫ Just like an invisible existence ♫
♫ It's everywhere  ♫
♫ Fending for your true love ♫
♫ I wish the one I love ♫
♫ Could safely sail through the sea of love ♫
♫ Once you let go, it will weigh on your mind for life ♫
♫ The most selfless love is without sadness ♫
[All Out of Love]
[Episode 1]
[1997 autumn, Weijiaping]
- More than 100,000 people have gathered at Tiananmen Square to dance and sing...
- Old Zhang, are you fixing your bike?
The vegetables are not bad today.
This is an exciting time. Starting now,
Hong Kong, the child who has wandered away from its motherland for half a century,
has finally returned to its mother's broad and warm embrace.
This is a solemn moment.
The whole world is watching this.
Four thousand honorable overseas guests
are waiting quietly in Hong Kong Exhibition Center
for the Hong Kong Regime to conduct the handover.
Everyone is anticipating the return of Hong Kong
- to the embrace of its motherland.
- Mom, I'm back.
Jiang Sheng, don't touch it. Put it back.
Mom, I want to eat the egg.
You can't.
Mom, let me have a small bite.
You can't. This is for your father.
Dad? Dad definitely won't return, unless it's the new year.
I don't believe he will return.
Your father said that he will come home today.
I don't believe that he will be back. Liar.
Your father is a famous reporter. He's busy with the affairs of the country.
He wouldn't have that much time to keep us company. Eat this.
Jiang Sheng! Jiang Sheng!
I'm coming.
Quick, we already made an appointment.
Hurry up, Jiang Sheng!
Mom, I'm going to play with Bei Xiaowu first.
You are not going to eat?
You are riding the horse.
Be careful. Dad is making a right turn.
- Right turn.
- Okay.
Uncle Bei, can you be my horse?
No. My father is my horse. No one else can ride on him.
Who's your horse? You ride on me every day. Let Jiang Sheng ride.
Get off.
- Okay.
- Come, Jiang Sheng.
Are you ready?
You are riding the horse. We are knocking into them.
Is it fun?
- Yes.
- It's fun, right?
Doctor, have you seen my family?
Have you seen my family?
- Nurse, have you seen a person called Jiang Liangzhi?
- We're too busy here. Look somewhere else.
Doctor.
Nurse! Nurse!
Here, quick.
Nurse.
Doctor, have you seen a person called Jiang Liangzhi?
Over there. Go over there and check now.
Have you seen a person called Jiang Liangzhi?
Jiang Liangzhi? Check over there.
Nurse! Is there a person called Jiang Liangzhi?
Look over there.
Doctor.
Doctor, have you seen my family?
That sudden mining disaster
gave my family a big painful blow.
I didn't expect that my childhood would change.
Someone said that my father and a female reporter from the provincial capital came here to conduct an interview.
This kid also traveled here with them.
Who's he? How is he related to my father?
My mother didn't say anything. They simply walked in silence.
One, two, one.
One, two, one. One, two, one.
Mom.
Jiang Sheng, call him "Older Brother" in the future.
Greet him.
I don't have an older brother.
He's your biological older brother in the future. Address him as your "Older Brother."
Older Brother.
Just like this, Liangsheng suddenly came into my world.
Four years old was a hazy age.
All I saw was mud, grass, and green bristlegrass.
Older Brother, what's in your bag?
As if a sacred life was hard to go against. At age four,
I unavoidably met the six-year-old Liangsheng.
I couldn't and also didn't know how to ask
why this boy called Liangsheng suddenly came to our home.
It was already determined that he's my older brother,
and I am his younger sister.
Older Brother, are you crying?  Are you afraid of the dark?
If you are afraid, I'm not. I will keep you company.
Come and eat. Sit over there.
Eat.
That's right, we should look for him. We have elders and children at home.
Village Head, take a look. Ever since they came, we haven't had any good days.
Enough.
Liangsheng, take your younger sister into the house now.
- It's her! She's the troublemaker!
- That's right. If your husband Jiang Liangzhi
didn't pull that woman into the mine, would this major incident have happened?
Return my husband to me. That's right. It's your family.
He's the pillar of the family.
How do you expect the elders and children in my family to survive in the future?
He has already received retribution and he's now even dragging along the villagers with him.
I'm not leaving. I'm very sad. I want to settle a score with his family. I want my husband.
I will talk to them.
Where is Liangsheng?
He's at home.
Take good care of him.
I'm going to get some water.
Uncle Bei, the miners violated the operational procedures. Director Yang has never been bothered by it.
He's only interested in making quick bucks for himself. This is retribution.
There will be a new open bidding for the minerals. We don't know what will happen in the future.
What will happen? Isn't it obvious?
You will definitely be the manager in the future.
Congratulations, Uncle Bei. You will be rich soon.
Uncle Bei, in the future, if you rise quickly in your position, you must take care of me.
It's not in my fortune yet.
Director Yang is now under the control of the police.
I received the notice that I need to assist the relevant departments to conduct mine compensations.
As for the aid for the disaster victims, you handle it.
No problem. Just direct me and I will do it.
Jiang Liangzhi is really unlucky. They gave him such a great scoop,
and he had to encounter an accident.
Look at him now. He's now crippled.
I heard that the female reporter who came with him wasn't able to be rescued by the capital's hospital.
She just died.
What are you doing? Why did you step on me?
Let me tell you. I heard that woman is his lover.
- Let's go.
- You really stepped on me.
What do you think is the relationship between that kid and Jiang Liangzi?
One, two. One, two.
Older Brother, let's play together.
Older Brother, what are you doing? Are you going out?
Older Brother, where are you going?
I want to go home.
Mom said that this is your home.
Older Brother, what's in your bag?
Can you show me?
Older Brother, what is this?
This is a music score.
What's a music score?
It's for playing the piano.
What's a piano?
A piano has lots of white
and black keys.
They produce sound when you press on them.
Older Brother, your shoes are really nice.
What are you doing?
I'm sleeping together with you.
- No need.
- Whenever I'm afraid of the dark,
I would cover my head with the blanket and I won't be afraid anymore.
I'm not afraid of the dark.
You were crying and you still said that you aren't afraid of the dark.
I didn't cry.
Weren't you crying just now?
Older Brother, do you want to go play hopscotch with me tomorrow?
Hurry up and eat.
Jiang Sheng, finish your food. I'm going to the hospital.
I'm going to see your dad. I'll come back later, don't go running out.
Eat now.
After the accident,
the pension from the publisher of the newspaper was used entirely on treating father's injury.
Mother had no choice but to take over Father's position of taking care of the household. The days became long and hard.
Thank you, Older Brother.
That day, Liangsheng gave me the first bite of the braised meat,
satisfying a little girl's greatest desire at the time.
That was the first time I felt that having an older brother was really great.
She's coming.
Hey, Jiang Sheng.
Look at who this is.
Jiang Sheng, why is he always following you around?
He's my brother. He's my biological older brother. Greet him now.
Biological older brother? Where did he appear from?
I have never seen that you had a biological older brother.
Aiyo! I remember now.
My mom said that he could be your father's illegitimate child.
Bei Xiaowu, you are talking nonsense.
Did I say the wrong thing?
- You don't have the right to say this.
- Why did you hit me?
Bei Xiaowu, go!
Does it still hurt?
Brother, you won and Bei Xiaowu lost.
Why are you not similar to me at all? Let's look for his mother.
Let's go.
- Where's your mother?
- She's not here.
Who hit him? Did you hit him? Go and hit him now.
Come out here. The both of you, come here.
Hit him now.
- What's wrong, Mrs. Bei?
- Look at my son.
Look at my son. That wild kid hit him. What's going on? He hit him.
Jiang Sheng, did you hit him?
Look at how twisted this wild kid is. You must teach him a lesson!
He will hit others in the future and even kill others. He will also set fire. Isn't that so?
Why did you hit my son? Why are you crying?
Look at what he did.
I told you to stay at home and you didn't.
- You insisted on wandering out there.
- What are you doing?
- Do you want others to laugh at you?
- Enough!
Are you done yet? She's just a kid and you used the feather duster to hit her.
Stop crying. Everything's fine.
Go home now. You are the troublemaker.
Are you going home or not? Go home.
Why do you keep getting into trouble?
Do you want everyone in the village to notice you before you are happy?
That's not it. Bei Xiaowu said that Older Brother is a wild kid.
That mining disaster left a heartache in the Weijiaping people.
Everyone said that Liangsheng is a wild kid.
In my young age, I didn't yet understand
what those words meant to Liangsheng.
Sorry, it was all my fault.
If you have to suffer because of me again,
I'll let the moon in the sky crush me.
Brother, you shouldn't let the moon crush you.
If one day I am suffering, you should use braised pork to crush me.
We went to elementary school later.
The teacher wanted everyone to talk about their dreams.
The children of Weijiaping
either wanted to be scientists or astronauts.
Only Liangsheng foolishly stood up and said...
My dream is to become a chef who knows how to cook braised pork.
Jiang Sheng! Liangsheng!
- What?
- Here.
- What is this?
- A clay pot!
It's our Bei family's heirloom.
This is for you.
What is this used for?
Last time, I caused you to get beaten, and I felt bad. Take this as a gift.
If I get beaten, that's that. I'm not taking it.
You don't want this?
That's right. Give it to him.
I'm giving this to you. You defeated me the last time.
You're Weijiaping's overlord. Take this as tribute to the overlord.
I'll give this to you! Take care of it! Don't drop it! Don't lose it!
It's a gift from me!
Sit down. Let me take a look.
Why did you go to the kitchen?
I merely wanted to cook a bowl of noodles for Older Brother.
Does it hurt?
Why were you so careless? Does it hurt?
From that day on,
Liangsheng never let me touch the stove again.
Actually, I knew that
you have always remembered the large bump on my head
and the tears I shed as I tugged on the hem of your shirt.
You didn't want me to cook,
and you only knew how to cook noodles.
Thus, Liangsheng,
all those years, the plain noodles that you cooked for me
was your way of doting on me.
Why aren't you eating?
You can have it.
Jiang Sheng, where are you taking me?
Don't open your eyes. You will know later.
Wow.
Older Brother, is this place pretty?
Yes.
Older Brother, this is the prettiest place in Weijiaping.
Older Brother, are there flowers in your city?
We have flower shops there.
You need to buy flowers? Look, there are so many flowers here and you still need to buy them?
Also, do you know what I like most?
Braised pork?
Other than braised pork, I love flowers the most.
But when I grow up, I want to open up a flower shop, too.
Finished.
Jiang Sheng, you have become much prettier.
Really?
Mom!
Slow down.
Mom, these are for you.
For me?
Thank you.
Jiang Sheng, you have grown up and matured.
I will put these here for now.
Okay.
I also want to gift these flowers to my mom.
Do you want to go see the mine?
Yes.
The mine isn't a place for kids.
[No entry to the former mine]
Older Brother,
the stars are falling from the sky.
These are not stars. They are fireflies.
Flies? Flies know how to shine light?
Yes, they are fireflies. I read about them in a book.
Older Brother, why do fireflies emit lights?
Because...
I know. It's because the fireflies' mothers are afraid that
they will lose their way. That's why they placed small lights on their backs.
Yes.
Older Brother, look.
We should release it.
Why? Can't it go home with us?
Perhaps, its mother is looking for it now.
Firefly, go home.
Older Brother, I had a dream last night.
The firefly found its mother.
Really?
Yes.
Older Brother, will this one become a cricket?
I don't trust Bei Xiaowu.
Jiang Sheng, you are really foolish.
Crickets are born from cricket mothers.
Ginger can only be born from gingers.
Then, Liangsheng can only come from
Liangsheng's mom. Right?
- My mom...
- What about your mom?  How come we haven't found her yet?
The both of you...
Remember that I gave birth to the both of you.
Understand?
Let's go eat downstairs.
Where is Liangsheng?
He's out playing in the garden.
- Xin Ru.
- What?
Go fill out the adoption paperwork for Liangsheng.
Okay.
- Mom!
- Are you going or not? If you don't, I'm going to beat you to death.
- Do you believe me? Go!
- I won't go!
Let's go. Where's your mother?
What is it?
What do you think?
What do you think it is? Your kids stole stuff from my house.
Who stole this?
Tell me who stole this? Come here, come here.
- Bei Xiaowu gave this to me.
- That's right.
What do you mean? You stole this, yet you are still talking nonsense and lying?
No one can control you two, right?
What's wrong with you adults? He stole my stuff and he still lied.
- What's wrong?
- Hey, you're back. Manage your children.
He stole our stuff and he still lied.
Did you steal this? Tell your mother.
Bei Xiaowu gave this to Older Brother as a gift.
It's true.
What do you mean "it's true?" You steal stuff from your own house and give to someone else?
How could it be like this?  Let's go.
- I think it was a misunderstanding, Mrs. Bei.
- What do you mean? Let's go.
Let's go home now. Are you going home or not?
- Home, let's go.
- Give it to me.
What are you doing? Look at him, he's stealing again. Is this even yours?
Does it belong to your family?
Here, take it!
- What do you think you're doing?
- How could she do that?!  Look, did you see that?
Do you see this? These are the children you raised!
Tell her you're sorry.
Robbers! Are you okay? Your family is filled with robbers.
Why don't you take more? Sorry, Mrs. Bei.
Robbers! Let's go home.
Sorry!
What's going on?
Speak!
Jiang Sheng, tell me the truth. Did you steal something?
Bei Xiaowu gave this to Older Brother. It's true.
Tell the truth.
Control your daughter.
Liangsheng!
Are you okay?
Jiang Sheng, come and eat.
Give it to Liangsheng.
Mom, I want to eat a poached egg, too.
I'll make one for you tomorrow.
Go feed your dad, Jiang Sheng.
I'll do it.
Here, for you.
A poached egg?
Older Brother,  do you want to eat this?
No, I already ate. You go ahead.
What is that sound?
Older Brother, do you want to eat? Just take a bite.
You eat it. I don't need it.
Brother, what song are you singing?
“On Wings of Song.”
- Songs have wings, too?
- They do.
If you have songs, they can take you anywhere you want.
- Really?
- Yes.
Older Brother, the song you were singing sounded so good.
Yesterday, I dreamed that I was playing the piano.
The song I was playing was that one.
Older Brother, I want to play the piano, too.
I will teach you when you are older.
- Mushrooms!
- Don't pick them.
Why?
It's great that the two of them are together.
Don't separate them.
Why can't I pick them? Mushrooms are so tasty.
Look, there's a big mushroom and a little mushroom, nestled close together.
It means they're one. One can't live without the other.
If you forcibly separate them,
they will suffer a lot of pain.
Really?
Then. we'll leave the big mushroom and the little mushroom
together and never separate them. Okay?
"Just before his departure, she sews stitch by stitch."
"Worrying about his late return."
"Who would say that an inch-tall grass..."
"Can repay the warmth of the three spring months?"
"Startled by magpies leaving the branch in moonlight,
I hear cicadas shrill in the breeze at midnight.
The ricefields’ sweet smell promises a bumper year;
Listen, how frogs’ croaks please the ear!
Beyond the clouds seven or eight stars twinkle;
Before the hills two or three raindrops sprinkle.
There is an inn beside the village temple."
Jiang Sheng, don't touch it.
If you ruin them, we won't get to see the ginger lily.
Older Brother, are ginger lilies pretty?
I have never seen them
but they have to be prettier than you.
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
Something big's happened!
He Manhou is making trouble at your house.
Everyone look!
Since this child came to our village, has this village had peace and quiet? Look at him.
His clothing is so refined. Does he look like one of us?
We're all just decent village people.
Because Jiang Liangzhi was messing around outside, you were born.
You are not allowed to say that about my father.
It's you who's the dirty one.
- Illegitimate!
Jiang Sheng! Jiang Sheng!
- Jiang Sheng!
- Little brat!
She's biting! She's biting!
♫ The season of my heart depends on your sad or joyful look ♫
♫ How beautiful the poetry is in the chaos and bitterness I feel for you ♫
♫ With the happiest-looking smile, the loneliest boy ♫
♫ Insists on caring for her for life to thank her ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫
♫ Love is not accompanying you to the end, holding your hand in mine ♫
♫ It is letting you go so that you can reach the turning point ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫